Session recorder and hybrid performance (#1177)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/05 Test authoring/02 Create tests from recordings.md

---
title: 'Create tests from recordings'
excerpt: 'In load testing, recording usually refers to the process of creating a load test from the recording of a user session.'
---

> A recording stores the sequence of requests and parameters of a user session or API interactions. 
> You can then use this recording to auto-generate the logic of your test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A recording stores the sequence of requests and parameters of a user session or API interaction. 
You can use this recording to auto-generate your test logic.
```
